Colors, representing expense and income green and red (that's nice)

(fix) Category colors, shouldn't match green and red

(fix Dagi) Icon of more (tooltip) change it. (Already on plan)

(optional fix) On long press on card, it looks like its about to move

Keyboard automatic popup is conveninent

(fix) Block future dates to be selected, 

(optional fix) When on click, increase the thickness of the one that is chosen

The fact that the labels are clickable is good

Backward and Forward for the categories in the donut (pass)

(fix) FAB, the close shouldn't be the main color. 

(fix) Accounts, has a bug it stuck on ^ 

(fix) Clear recent searches (both as a whole and individually)

(fix) Show more on search, it should move the filter to the search (we don't support that so cut it off)

(fix) Highlight which one is selected in date dropdown!

Move 10 out of 234 next to Show More (below)

(fix Dag) Key Terms (need to be renamed), Title 

(fix) Category selection on filters the checkbox is too small, and the item height is too low.

(fix) Manual record item entry, on Save click shows a confirmation modal as if it is a back button

Buttons top and bottom are good!

(fix) After Save record, any filter must be removed!! (I also commmented this before!)
 

introduce
home,
records, 
stats

then: click on balance summary. show the tooltip
select on the expesne labels
show only limited records are available
then click more to records


show records there
show basic filter and advanced filter (will be back later)
show stats, show that we have advanced view here, extended list of labels, and income/expense options for donut.


add record, explain what everything is, 
show difference between income and expense
then show the add list screen and come back
add record, show that its added.
come back add record, scan receipt, edit a label
add a new data
add new data and no record (delete that) no warning
attempt delete the new record (alert)
change the date and save. 


go to filter, look for it in the filter
use payer

search earls
then go 
come back,
clear it


show language support
play around a little
come back and show the help













